UFO-1: Very Easy
No Material Provided

1. According to the sources cited by Mitre, in what year did the Sandworm Team begin operations?
  Answer: 2009

2. Mitre notes two credential access techniques used by the BlackEnergy group to access several hosts in the compromised network during a 2016 campaign against the Ukrainian electric power grid. One is LSASS Memory access (T1003.001). What is the Attack ID for the other?
  Answer: T1110

3. During the 2016 campaign, the adversary was observed using a VBS script during their operations. What is the name of the VBS file?
  Answer: ufn.vbs

4. The APT conducted a major campaign in 2022. The server application was abused to maintain persistence. What is the Mitre Att&ck ID for the persistence technique was used by the group to allow them remote access?
  Answer: T1505.003

5. What is the name of the malware / tool used in question 4?
  Answer: Neo-REGEORG

6. Which SCADA application binary was abused by the group to achieve code execution on SCADA Systems in the same campaign in 2022?
  Answer: scilc.exe

7. Identify the full command line associated with the execution of the tool from question 6 to perform actions against substations in the SCADA environment.
  Answer: C:\sc\prog\exec\scilc.exe -do pack\scil\s1.txt

8. What malware/tool was used to carry out data destruction in a compromised environment during the same campaign?
  Answer: CaddyWiper

9. The malware/tool identified in question 8 also had additional capabilities. What is the Mitre Att&ck ID of the specific technique it could perform in Execution tactic?
  Answer: T1106

10. The Sandworm Team is known to use different tools in their campaigns. They are associated with an auto-spreading malware that acted as a ransomware while having worm-like features .What is the name of this malware?
  Answer: NotPetya

11. What was the Microsoft security bulletin ID for the vulnerability that the malware from question 10 used to spread around the world?
  Answer: MS17-010

12. What is the name of the malware/tool used by the group to target modems?
  Answer: AcidRain

13. Threat Actors also use non-standard ports across their infrastructure for Operational-Security purposes. On which port did the Sandworm team reportedly establish their SSH server for listening?
  Answer: 6789

14. The Sandworm Team has been assisted by another APT group on various operations. Which specific group is known to have collaborated with them?
  Answer: APT28


Incident Response Report
